The game is separated into columns of past, present, and future:
 - The present is what currently is working to increase one's resources.
 - The past is former runs that one must tranfer their population over from.
   I wanna make this poetic feeling, a very "don't ignore your past and what got you started" 
   feel. There could also exist upgrades that grant bonuses based on the old runs
 - The future is about building the next life. The player has control over the afterlife
   and must create it in their own image.
   
Why design your future? By deciding what goes into the next reincarnation, that next life will
have bonuses based on how you made it. This allows players to shoot for certain things at the
price of being slower in other areas. As with incremental games, the amount of bonuses will outweigh
the bad things so each run is an improvement upon the last.

How to enhance the future? In the future section of the game, there will be an option for every improvable resource.
Each of these options have 3 slots for tokens. By spending enough of the respective resource plus maybe some other
expensive ones you can create a token and throw it into a matching slot. Each token of a resource will cost more
than the last but the third one will be less effective. The third token will be an option thats kinda inefficient
and for when you're extra focusing a resource. The amount of total tokens you can create is based on your follower
count so you can't fill all the slots of all the resources until the endgame.

There needs to be things that require a certain amount of followers so that you need to do a certain
amount of jumps to get there. The player has to feel like they're accessing new content every new world, which turns
into every few new worlds, and eventually the content actually does run out as they get the thing that required
the highest amount of followers.

I want the first run to be just the player alone. Their max amount of followers is 1 and that's
them. That way they must create their own first afterlife, allowing the "past" tab to be
almost immediately useful. Each new life will allow for a greater follower base than the last.

Some followers will randomly not make it when they die and try to cross into the new afterlife. This is
because they were unfaithful and instead went to hell. there should be some way to improve follower retention
through a building or whatever. Lost followers will slowly be replaced by new ones in the new world.

Another way to get followers into the next world is for them to become martyrs. A follower may kill themselves
and get replaced by another new follower only to be waiting for you when you arrive in the new world and your
cap is higher. This isn't something you can do a lot and requires you to have some tokens into follower count
so that you'll veritably have room for them in the new world.

A reall cursed looking button that whispers slightly as your mouse draws near it. Maybe as you fulfill some condition
the whispers get louder and your mouse eventually doesn't even have to be near it they're just always playing. This
is something that'd happen if you really really fuck with the next world and make it crazy.

A subject that has the description, benefit, and flavor text of "you shouldn't be seeing this" just like Default does
to give the player that feel that they're breaking the game and getting into areas they aren't allowed. I wonder if I can
make it sound like a bug message instead of something fake, like really make it just look like a glitch or unfinished area
when it's all intentional.

Have a little bit of glow poof out from a number every time it hits a milestone like each thousand or million. Base it on the max
amount so it doesn't just glow constantly when they're at +3k/s.

Things you can focus on increasing when crafting an afterlife: 
 - Max follower size
 - Money. I have an idea where the name of the currency changes every run because it's a new world.
   Maybe the player can name the currency every reincarnation.
 - Research. Used for discovering new building's and upgrades. Idk what kind of freedom this will have. I'd
   like to have a system where you consult a scrying orb that asks you what you wanna research, then tells you
   how much you'll need to get the next research related to that. If you have a high enough research cap it'll say
   "it is within grasp" and if you already have enough research stored it'll say "this knowledge is available to you."
   If the price of this next subject is way higher than one of the lower prices that you can pursue it'll be
   like "don't neglect other forms of research."
 - Insight. This is the more mystical approach to gaining knowledge. Insight is needed in addition to research for
   upgrades ore realated to magical stuff. I want to really strongly emphazise that the research of magic is
   a form of science and that stupid science magic schism fiction pushes forward is bs.
 - Blood. The most basic resource for the more mystical aspects of the game. This blood is taken from your followers
   so it will be directly proportional to your follower count. Maybe you can also get blood by just heading out
   and culling nonaffiliated population.
 - Thread. This is thread stolen from the timeline woven by the fates. It is farmed slowly by an expensive building and
   is used to craft an afterlife. It's used in tokens and spent on the actual "create afterlife" button.

Flavor text on the create afterlife button has to be "Go forth and instantiate"